---
layout: post
title: Opportunity to Present My Research in front of esteemed guest
date: 2024-10-23 21:01:00
description: 
tags: Economics IntergenerationalMobility  IncomeInequality PaulKrugman  
The Graduate Center CUNY 
categories: sample-posts
thumbnail: assets/img/Presentation_Paul.jpg
---

#A  Memorable Event  

This past week, I had the privilege of presenting my research at an extraordinary event organized by the Economics Department at The Graduate Center, CUNY. The event provided an exceptional platform for sharing groundbreaking ideas, fostering intellectual exchange, and celebrating the achievements of our vibrant academic community.
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/Presentation_Paul.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>

One of the event's most remarkable highlights was the attendance of **Nobel Laureate Professor Paul Krugman**, a towering figure in the field of economics. It was an incredible honor to present my research on **Intergenerational Occupational Mobility and Income Inequality** to such a distinguished audience. Professor Krugman’s groundbreaking contributions to economics have profoundly influenced my academic journey. Having him in the audience during my presentation was both humbling and inspiring—a moment I will cherish throughout my career.

In addition to Professor Krugman’s presence, the event also featured **Ellen Zentner**, the Chief Economic Strategist and Global Head of Thematic and Macro Investing for Morgan Stanley Wealth Management. As a Graduate Center Foundation board member, Ms. Zentner shared invaluable career tips and industry insights with students, bridging the gap between academia and real-world economic applications. Her talk provided a refreshing perspective on the intersection of economics research and industry practices, and it was especially inspiring to hear from someone whose work directly impacts global markets and investment strategies.

---

This event has left me more motivated than ever to continue my work on understanding and addressing issues like income inequality and economic mobility. Stay tuned for more updates as I progress on my academic journey!

---
